no one can imagine anybody else
playing that role but you so
what were you doing
what's your secret come up if I
love the whole concept of
scientists who deal with are
insoluble problems another story
of some as noted scientist who's
trying to find the solution to
some problem and just didn't
call me work on for months and
11 days not thinking about
anything to get on the bus and
it comes to you know and Doc
Brown is trying to figure out
how to how to do a time travel
and he falls down the bathroom
but his head against the sink
and he suddenly envisions the
flux capacitor and that's why i
love that kind of connection
because it's kind of the way it
works well so it's just that
basically the eureka effect
yeah get hit in the head or
something happens to abruptly
and then the idea pops in but
i'm a fan of the way isaac
asimov interprets the eureka
effect which is which is go
ahead
okay you ready the most exciting
phrase to hear in science the
one that heralds the most
discoveries ok is not Eureka but
rather that's funny that will
that make sense yeah so meet you
do you agree with this yes I had
exactly that moment I first was
working on string theory the
nineteen sixties and consisted
of hundreds of random formulas
that he had to memorize in a
book but Einstein wanted an
equation 1 inch long that would
allow him to quote read the mind
of God and I said to myself hmm
that's funny how come this
theory has so many random
equation there should be this
one each equation one day I
found it is called string field
theory that's my equation i'm
the co-founder of string field
theory and it summarises the
theory beyond Einstein
in one inch long way but what
was that a Eureka moment or did
you just sort of it was as funny
moment that it that no one was
looking for it no one was
looking for this one-inch
equation right because people
were so busy memorizing and
using all these little hundreds
of little formula that would
memorize no one was looking for
that one is equation